I’m Mariam I graduated in artificial intelligence, and I knew about your training in the very end. I hope to continue with you to develop my skills in this field. Actually,  I’m not bad; I’ve worked with many data sets before, and furthermore, I like data

In the beginning, I noticed that the data you gave is for names and job titles. So to understand it, I used the Pandas library to read it and represent it.
I use Pandas for long time ago; it’s a very helpful one and very easy to use.
For the next request, the standard statistics, I’ve done some simple research to find out that it’s very easy to find them by using a ready method to use which is as follows:
(mode =. Mode()
Median = .median()
Minimum = .min() )
And so on...

For the data cleaning, I’ve done a series of actions until I'm satisfied.
1 - I started with NAN; using the fillna() method, it switched NAN to zeros.
2 - deleted two columns that are with no benefit.
3 - deleted the duplicate
4 - I noticed in the end, after seeing the tail of the data, that there is a “ not provided “ filled in the data, I tried to solve it to deleted it somehow but I couldn’t it seems like it is from the original data as if there no information to fill with.
Well, now the data is clean

For the visualization:
The bar chart and the histogram are very similar to each other; the basic difference is the space between the columns.
I presented the salaries, which is the “TotalPay” column, with a histogram, and it gives out a beautiful plot.
I made a pie chart for the different job titles, and it gives me a very scary plot with many job titles in it. To present it in that way, I used the groupby() function that calculated the frequency of each job title and showed it as a pie chart.
I’ve done simple group analysis and simple correlation analysis since I have got time limit to finish the task.
After I researched, I found out that simple correlation analysis is a measure of the strength and direction of the relationship between any two variables; it goes from -1 to 1. It would be more understandable if it were shown with a scattered image. The same as I did
	◦	
